[move-book] Extending Book by Move 2.0 Documentation (#567)
aptos-labs/developer-docs: apps/nextra/pages/en/build/smart-contracts/book/move-2.0.mdx

- **Enum Types** add the option to define different variants of data layout in one storable type. They are documented in the [Enum Type section](enums.mdx).

- **Receiver Style Functions** add the ability to call functions in the familiar notation `value.func(arg)`. They are documented in [this secion](functions.mdx#dot-receiver-function-call-style).

- **Index Notation** allows to access [elements of vectors](vector.mdx#index-notation-for-vectors) and of [resource storage](global-storage-operators.mdx#index-notation-for-storage-operators) to access with notations like `&mut vector[index]`, or `&mut Resource[addr]`, respectively. 

- **Positional Structs** allow to define wrapper types such as `struct Wrapped(u64)`. Positional structs are described [here](structs-and-resources.mdx#positional-structs). Enum variants are also allowed to be positional.

- **Dot-dot pattern wildcards** enable statements like `let Struct{x, ..} = value` to match selective parts of data. They are described [here](structs-and-resources.mdx#partial-patterns). Those patterns are also allowed for enum variants.

> - **Package visibility** allows to declare a function to be visible anywhere inside, but not outside a package. Friend functions are continued to be supported, though package visibility is in many cases more adequate. As a more concise notation, package and friend functions can be simply declared as `package fun` or `friend fun`, respectively, instead of the longer `public(package) fun` and `public(friend) fun`. This feature is documented [here](functions.mdx#package-visibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Package visibility** allows to declare a function to be visible anywhere inside, but not outside a package. Friend functions continue to be supported, although package visibility is in many cases more suitable. As a more concise notation, package and friend functions can be simply declared as `package fun` or `friend fun`, respectively, instead of the longer `public(package) fun` and `public(friend) fun`. This feature is documented [here](functions.mdx#package-visibility).
```
